Copyright (C) 2006 INdT.

Contact: Luciano Miguel Wolf <luciano.wolf@indt.org.br>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
USA

LICENSE
-------
See COPYING file.

Components and Description
--------------------------
-create_tree.py: main script to build the source tree, compile it and generate
deb packages.
-packages.ini: configuration file, containing information where source code is
available for download and naming rules.
-.quiltrc: configuration file used by 'quilt', the patch tool used by pymaemo
repository.

Using and Contributing
----------------------
This repository uses python (v2.3 provided by rootstrap image) to generate the
entire source tree. To have a smaller repository, this version is based on patches.
All modules that have source code in tar.gz format are downloaded from their
websites. Then the patches are downloaded from pymaemo repository to be applied.
Modules like python-hildon, that does not have external source code will be kept
completly in pymaemo repository.

-Downloading
To download the newest version of pymaemo use svn tool with checkout option:
svn co https://garage.maemo.org/svn/pymaemo/packages/python-sdk/trunk/
All files needed will be inside trunk directory.

-Generating deb packages
If its the first time you are running this script, its necessary to install some
tools. Inside 'utilities' directory, run 'dpkg -i *.deb', to install quilt, the 
patch control program. It is necessary to install libreadline4 and libreadline4-dev 
packages, through apt-get, to met build dependencies. Now just run 
'python ./create_tree.py'. It will get all source code needed, apply the patches 
and build deb packages.

-Contributing
Pymaemo source tree uses 'quilt' to keep patches. It is a great tool, that provides
great control over modifications in source code and generates patch files, to be
uploaded on pymaemo svn repository.
First of all you need to export the QUILT_PATCHES variable. This can be done
copying .quiltrc file to your home or running export QUILT_PATCHES=debian/patches.
Before starting modifications, you must run quilt new <patch_name>, to create a
new patch file. Then run quilt add <file1> <file2> to inform all files that will be
modified by this patch. Now you can edit this files. After this, run quilt refresh, 
to flush all information inside patch file. To commit this new patch, enter 
debian/patches directory use svn to upload modifications. To have more information 
on using quilt and svn tools, take a look on their webpages or manpages.

TODO
----
This first version miss some features like:
- improve create_tree.py, using more os functions instead os.popen only;
- add support for command line args to be passed to the script;
- improve create_tree.py using classes, with build, clean, etc methods;
- improve error condition management.
